README.md, before:

## 📜 Description

Balatro Plus is a comprehensive collection of mods combined into a single, easy-to-install package. This collection mod allows you to enable or disable specific mods in-game in Balatro, providing a flexible and customizable experience.

## ✨ Features

### Tag Refresh
**Rerolls tags!**

- Refresh only on New Game (Customizable)
- Full MnK and Gamepad Support!

### Reroll Shop
**Rerolls the shop!**

- Configure if Boosters and Vouchers should be rerolled!

## 🚀 Installation

### Requirements

- [Steamodded](https://github.com/Steamopollys/Steamodded)
- [Lovely](https://github.com/ethangreen-dev/lovely-injector)

### Install Steps

1. **Download the Mod**:
   - Go to the [releases page](https://github.com/Shinaii/SMM/releases) and download the latest version of Balatro Plus.

2. **Install the Mod**:
   - Copy the Mod **folder** into your Balatro data folder:
     - **Windows**: `%appdata%\Balatro\Mods`
     - **Mac & Linux**: `/home/$USER/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/compatdata/2379780/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/AppData/Roaming/Balatro/Mods`

- Now the Mod should be Installed! Start up Balatro and Have fun 😊

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under MIT

Commit message:

Add installation scripts and mod refactoring Balatro Plus

README.md, after:

## 📜 Description

Balatro Plus is a comprehensive collection of mods combined into a single, easy-to-install package. This collection mod allows you to enable or disable specific mods in-game in Balatro, providing a flexible and customizable experience.

## ✨ Features

### Tag Refresh
**Rerolls tags!**

- Refresh only on New Game (Customizable)
- Full MnK and Gamepad Support!

### Reroll Shop
**Rerolls the shop!**

- Configure if Boosters and Vouchers should be rerolled!

## 🚀 Installation

### Requirements

## Need to install
- [Steamodded](https://github.com/Steamopollys/Steamodded)
- [Lovely](https://github.com/ethangreen-dev/lovely-injector)

### Install Steps

## Auto-Install
1. **Download the Mod**:
   - Go to the [releases page](https://github.com/Shinaii/SMM/releases) and download the latest version of Balatro Plus.

2. **Run the Script for your OS**
   - **Windows**: `Install.ps1`
   - **Mac & Linux**: `Install.sh`

## Manual
1. **Download the Mod**:
   - Go to the [releases page](https://github.com/Shinaii/SMM/releases) and download the latest version of Balatro Plus.

2. **Install the Mod**:
   - Copy the Mod **folder** into your Balatro data folder:
     - **Windows**: `%appdata%\Balatro\Mods`
     - **Mac & Linux**: `/home/$USER/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/compatdata/2379780/pfx/drive_c/users/steamuser/AppData/Roaming/Balatro/Mods`

- Now the Mod should be Installed! Start up Balatro and Have fun 😊

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under MIT
